Core Items

1. Technical Understanding
Implantation of nanotechnology into your beloved animal may sound dangerous at first, however, our research has been thoroughly tested and proven to be safe.
The implantation will grant the ability to monitor your pet and promote a longer life. Through the implantation technology, you will be able to monitor your pet’s 
location, blood pressure, heart rate, possible diseases, etc.

2. Social Responsibility and Community 
Our top priority is the safety and health of everyone’s pets. To express this, we will work with veterinarians, the Humane Society, animal shelters, pet stores, 
and even direct individuals (such as yourselves) to offer our implants to better protect all pets.

3. Trust and transparency
Having clear intentions and transparent actions is what we value here at P.E.T.S. We will be completely open to the changes that we make to our implantation
technology and how those changes may affect your pet. We will properly and thoroughly answer any worrying questions about the technology.
4. Ethical Consideration 
Every idea and decision at our company is carefully planned accordingly to our standards. Any proposition is first considered by our ethics committee board 
which features experts in animal behavior, nanotechnology, and bioethics. 

5. Accountability
We hold ourselves responsible for issues that may arise with our implant technology. Whatever the problem is, we promise to compensate appropriately.





P.E.T.S. Ethics Board

Nita Farahany (Bioethics)

Biography: Nita Farahany is a scholar in analyzing new technologies that cover a broad number of topics such as bioethics, AI in crime and law, neuroscience, 
and genomics. Her most notable position was to serve on the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues as appointed by President Obama in 2010 
until 2017. 

Farahany is an integral part of the company’s ethics committee because of her experience and critical understanding of the benefits and consequences of new 
technology. Farahany’s main role will be to express the ethical issues that may arise within the business decisions.


James M. Tour (Nanotechnology)

Biography: James Tour is a synthetic organic chemist, a Professor of Chemistry, a Professor of Computer Science, and a Professor of Materials Science and 
NanoEngineering. Tour has over 750 research publications and is a “highly cited researcher” with over 120,000 citations.

Tour will be essential for the technical part of the discussion. Tour’s expertise in nanotechnology and materials science allows for a deeper conversation 
about the toxicity levels of certain metals implanted within animals.


Temple Grandin (Zoologist)

Biography: In her youth, Temple Grandin was bullied as the ‘weird and nerdy’ kid who didn’t get along with others, but she was an intelligent child with autism 
spectrum disorder. She was accepted to a high school for gifted students where she was able to find her passion in animal behavior. Currently, she is a Professor
of Animal Sciences and has over 60 scientific papers on animal behavior. Her most influential work includes research on humane livestock handling and 
slaughtering and being an activist for autism awareness.

Grandin is an important part of the committee because the company will require long-term behavioral observations of the implanted technologies in animals. 
Grandin’s feedback will be crucial to how the company’s business plan will change over time.
	
